
A Step-By-Step Guide to Export Exchange Emails into MBOX
Summary: Are you feeling insecure for your data at the Exchange server? Don’t know how to export Exchange emails into MBOX file format. Then don’t be fret, because here you will find the complete process to download all Exchange server emails into MBOX.

Query:- I have 70k emails in the Exchange server and look for a migration. But I am unaware of how to download Exchange emails to MBOX. Can anyone suggest an efficient solution that can save all Exchange emails in MBOX file without losing a bit of data.

In today’s technological world, we can’t completely rely on the cloud platforms to secure our essential data. Because there might be the possibility that a cyber attack can happen and destroy the data completely. Additionally, all the organizations dealing with the crucial data create the backup files. So that they can access the data even in the situation of a server crash, cyber attack, and so on. There are also multiple benefits of exporting Exchange emails into MBOX. Let’s figure out them:-

5 Quick Steps to Export Exchange Emails to MBOX
Step 1. Download and Setup the tool.
Step 2. Select Source and Destination platforms.
Step 3. Choose Emails and complete the required credentials.
Step 4. Fetch Users and Start Export process.
Advantages of Converting Exchange Emails into MBOX
After downloading all the Exchange server emails into a MBOX file. You can access them in an offline mode. You are not required to be connected to the Internet and centralized Exchange server.
MBOX files are easier to share with the others. These are beneficial in situations where you need to move the data. 
Having all the emails into the MBOX file locally, creates a backup file. Through this, you can protect your data from cyber attacks.
Because MBOX file format is widely supported by the email clients. So, the process of migration also becomes easier with the MBOX file.
MBOX files are cost-effective and an incredible archiving solution.

Process to Export Exchange Emails into MBOX 
There is no such manual method to convert Exchange emails to MBOX. Exchange server experts also recommend the SysTools Exchange Export Tool to convert all the Exchange server emails to MBOX. This tool is easy to use and does not require any kind of technical expertise to operate. Due to which, even the non-tech users can also use this tool without hassle. It has also added some advanced features that makes the process more efficient. Now let’s find the steps of the automated tool to complete the export process.

Automated Tool Steps to Convert Exchange Emails to MBOX
Step 1. Download and Run the tool. Choose Exchange as the Source and MBOX as the destination.
Step 2. Select the option of Email and apply the Date filter to filter out the necessary emails.
Step 3. In the Source window, provide the credentials of the Source Exchange account. It includes Exchange Server version, IP, Admin credentials, AD IP. Validate them and move to Next.
Step 4. Provide the path of the resulting MBOX file. Validate the provided path and hit the Next option.
Step 5. Load the users into the tool with the help of several options such as Fetch Users, Import Users, and Download template.
Step 6. After successfully mapping the Source and Destination users. Finally, hit on the Start Export button to export Exchange emails into MBOX.

Impeccable Features of the Automated Tool
Download bulk Exchange emails into MBOX efficiently. 
Maintains the files and folder hierarchy during the process.
Incorporated a smart Date filter for the selection of data.
Compatible with the different Windows versions.
It offers some advanced options such as Delta, Retry and Re-run.
After the completion of the process, there are two types of reports generated: Detailed and Summary.

Final Words
Depend upon the cloud platforms to secure the crucial data is not a good approach. Because there might be the possibility that data can be lost or corrupt. Therefore, converting Exchange emails into MBOX is a good practice to create the backup of the Exchange server. That’s why in this write-up, we have explained an expert recommended tool that can export Exchange emails into MBOX securely. 

